welcome to Sanjeev Kapoor is Khazana
this is Sonia and today we would be
making Hortense our soup kept the pan on
heat I'll add some oil once this oil is
hot I'll add some finely chopped garlic
with some garlic now I'll add some
ginger finely chopped finely chopped
celery I have added some celery the
celery gives a good flavor to the soup
so it's an option actually but you
should try to add some finely chopped
onions and just sort it for about half a
minute till this onions become little
crispy they are almost done I'll add
some finely chopped carrots I've added
the carrot first because it takes a
little more time to cook some finely
chopped beans and finally I'll add some
finely chopped cabbage this is a very
easy soup and healthy and tasty also I
will just mix it for about half a minute
we do not have to cook it much I'll add
some mushrooms finely chopped capsicum
again mix it you can see this
it's ready with loads of vegetables I'll
add the stock this is a vegetable stock
which is very easy to make and you can
just take a pan heat some water and add
some vegetables boil it for about 10
minutes and your stock is ready now I'll
add some salt some soya sauce chilli
sauce
this is vinegar little vinegar white
pepper powder and little sugar and mix
it well now we will take in the soup by
adding some cornflour and water I'll
just make some water with this cornflour
try and use cold water in corn flour and
add some corn flour to this this is as
per your requirement
and mix it well now the soup is ready
now I will garnish it with chopped green
onions loads of chopped green onions and
it's ready to serve
Wow now we will put it in the serving
bowl
I will just taste mmm
this is yummy now I will sign off see
you soon in Sanjeev Kapoor is Khazana
bye bye